[docs] add xpu environment variable for gpu selection (#38194)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/accelerator_selection.md

<hfoptions id="accelerator-type">
<hfoption id="CUDA">

```bash
CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES=0,2 torchrun trainer-program.py ...
```

Only GPUs 0 and 2 are "visible" to PyTorch and are mapped to `cuda:0` and `cuda:1` respectively.  
To reverse the order (use GPU 2 as `cuda:0` and GPU 0 as `cuda:1`):

```bash
CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES=2,0 torchrun trainer-program.py ...
```

To run without any GPUs:

```bash
CUDA_VISIBLE_DEVICES= python trainer-program.py ...
```

You can also control the order in which CUDA devices are enumerated using `CUDA_DEVICE_ORDER`:

- Order by PCIe bus ID (matches `nvidia-smi`):

    ```bash
    export CUDA_DEVICE_ORDER=PCI_BUS_ID
    ```

- Order by compute capability (fastest first):

    ```bash
    export CUDA_DEVICE_ORDER=FASTEST_FIRST
    ```

</hfoption>
<hfoption id="Intel XPU">

```bash
ZE_AFFINITY_MASK=0,2 torchrun trainer-program.py ...
```

Only XPUs 0 and 2 are "visible" to PyTorch and are mapped to `xpu:0` and `xpu:1` respectively.  
To reverse the order (use XPU 2 as `xpu:0` and XPU 0 as `xpu:1`):

```bash
ZE_AFFINITY_MASK=2,0 torchrun trainer-program.py ...
```

> You can also control the enumeration order of Intel XPUs with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also control the order of Intel XPUs with:
```

```bash
export ZE_ENABLE_PCI_ID_DEVICE_ORDER=1
```

> For more information about device enumeration and sorting on Intel XPU, please refer to the [Level Zero documentation](https://github.com/oneapi-src/level-zero/blob/master/README.md?plain=1#L87).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about device enumeration and sorting on Intel XPU, please refer to the [Level Zero](https://github.com/oneapi-src/level-zero/blob/master/README.md?plain=1#L87) documentation.
```

</hfoption>
</hfoptions>

> > [!WARNING]
> > As with any environment variable, they can be exported instead of being added to the command line. However, this is not recommended because it can be confusing if you forget how the environment variable was set up and you end up using the wrong accelerators. Instead, it is common practice to set the environment variable for a specific training run on the same command line.

Reviewer: Lets move this right under `## Order of accelerators` so the warning is more upfront

```suggestion
> [!WARNING]
> Environment variables can be exported instead of being added to the command line. This is not recommended because it can be confusing if you forget how the environment variable was set up and you end up using the wrong accelerators. Instead, it is common practice to set the environment variable for a specific training run on the same command line.
```
